captain
Your file
I'm here to do something
Forget it, come here and I'll ask you
You said that Song Xuanxuan
Is there a golden egg?
You mean he came here first to call off the engagement?
And then I give it back.
noisy
Are you just making a fuss about calling your mother mom?
Your ability to eat melons is better than your ability to work
strong
In my opinion, he calls it hard to get
You always ignored him before
He must have been quite stimulated
Now it doesn't make sense.
I think he is
It's just a heart rhythm.
That makes sense.
Sheriff, I think Mr. Song
I'll take care of the company you love
He's now deliberately reviewing poison gas to please me
At that time, I think I think I have to do the same
So you call the male protagonist his mother
Hey, Qianqian really has a name called Xuwa and me
Didn't you see that Mom is not in a hurry?
So angry that you don't go
I'm also helping you to let out a breath of evil
But I think the male lead is quite pleasing to the eye
And the surgery is too exciting
Talented and rich
Bai Xiaoxue, wake up
He's scum scum
Oh, I see.
Cher, I'm serious
You should not only keep your distance from him
And keep our secrets
I tried that.
If you tell others about our crossing
Forgive for no reason
It's dangerous. I promise
thousand thousand
Qianqian, don't be angry?
I knew I was coming to see you today
Brother bought you a present
This bracelet is expensive.
Where did you get the money
Of course, I bought it with a credit card.
This belongs to the Song family
Can you spend it like this?
Of course, yeah.
The Song family said
This is the lack of all these years for me to be on the outside
Shh! I'm pissed
Kicked my baby out of the door today
Think about hugging too
Hug you, this is the Song family
self-inflicted
kiss
There is only you in this world
I will definitely treat you well in the end
Cher, you are so kind to me.
Go, I'll treat you.
Go for a big meal
Do you have any money?
Didn't the man transfer all your money to you?